Key,Source,Context,Changes,English

ammoDismantleBundleGroupDesc,items,Ammo,New,Break down ammo to its original components.\n\nUse this item to take the compents out of the ammo.,,

ammo44MagnumBulletINC,items,Item Gun,,.44 Magnum Incendiary Bullet,,
ammoDismantle44MagnumBulletBall,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - .44 Magnum Ball Bullets,,
ammoDismantle44MagnumBulletHP,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - .44 Magnum HP Bullets,,
ammoDismantle44MagnumBulletAP,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - .44 Magnum AP Bullets,,
ammoDismantle44MagnumBulletINC,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - .44 Magnum INC Bullets,,
ammoBundle44MagnumBulletINC,items,Ammo,New,Box of .44 Magnum INC Ammo (100),,

ammo9mmBulletINC,items,Item Gun,,9mm Incendiary Bullet,,
ammoDismantle9mmBulletBall,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - 9mm Ball Bullets,,
ammoDismantle9mmBulletHP,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - 9mm HP Bullets,,
ammoDismantle9mmBulletAP,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - 9mm AP Bullets,,
ammoDismantle9mmBulletINC,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - 9mm INC Bullets,,
ammoBundle9mmBulletINC,items,Ammo,New,Box of 9mm INC Ammo (100),,

ammo762mmBulletINC,items,Item Gun,,7.62mm Incendiary Bullet,,
ammoDismantle762mmBulletBall,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - 7.62mm Ball Bullets,,
ammoDismantle762mmBulletHP,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - 7.62mm HP Bullets,,
ammoDismantle762mmBulletAP,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - 7.62mm AP Bullets,,
ammoDismantle762mmBulletINC,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - 7.62mm INC Bullets,,
ammoBundle762mmBulletINC,items,Ammo,New,Box of 7.62mm INC Ammo (100),,

ammoShotgunShellINC,items,Item Gun,,Shotgun INC Shell,,
ammoDismantleShotgunShell,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - Shotgun Shells,,
ammoDismantleShotgunSlug,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - Shotgun Slugs,,
ammoDismantleShotgunBreachingSlug,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - Shotgun Breaching Slug,,
ammoDismantleShotgunShellINC,items,Ammo,New,Dismantled - Shotgun INC Shells,,
ammoBundleShotgunShellINC,items,Ammo,New,Box of INC Shotgun Shells (100),,



resourceEmptyFireTip,items,Item Gun,,Empty Incendiary Tip,,
resourceEmptyFireTipDesc,items,Item Gun,,These bullet tips have been hollowed out to allow to be filled with fire compound for incendiary rounds.,,
resourceFireTip,items,Item Gun,,Filled Incendiary Tip,,
resourceFireTipDesc,items,Item Gun,,These bullet tips have been filled with fire compound for incendiary rounds.,,





ammoBulletINCDesc,items,Item Gun,,These bullets have been modified to ignite the target on fire on impact.,,